Updates to be made to this project 26/08/26 :

Only keep redclay brick bricks in the product section (rename it to red bricksa well).
3.5 million bricks production. 
30+ years of production 
Quote to be received on mail 
Firm name to be present alongside Tanjeet’s contact info as md.
Remove Middle East countries altogether. Just mention that we do export these. 
Change 98% container dispatched to supplied to government contractors alongside medium/large scale builders of the city. 
Remove high compressive strength per batch. 
Website should be product first, instead of export focused. 
Elaborate on the process of product creation. manufacturing process, we use high quality soil for development of clay bricks. 
Export terms : FOB AND EX WORKS 
70-100% advance payment 
MOQ : 40k bricks 
Coal cooked bricks, special attention on each brick since each brick is  handeled  by 200-300 workers 
Remove quality inspection from every point. 
In manufacturing process remove 5th point. 
Remove whole section about one kiln in India 6 markets abroad. 
Batch testing to be removed. Export dovumentation to mention FOB and exworks alongside testing to be about color and voice of these bricks. 
Gallery last 3 need to go, add high quality soil. In place of container loading add local deliveries. 
What builders say we need to add real reviews. 
Questions in frequently asked : what color soil is added to the moulds ? (High quality yellow soil sourced from massive highly fertile lands from farmers), what raw materials are used for cooking the bricks? (Top notch quality coal sourced from Jharkhand for production of red bricks), Are the bricks better and compared to AAC blocks and fly ash bricks? (Definitely the strength of red bricks are higher than any other bricks), Do you provide samples for red bricks ? ( yes within India). 
Phone and mail to be used for Tanjeet contact. 
Kiln location : Kalyanpur kanpur uttar pradesh IN. 
Removed product interested in contact form. Add phone number, city and country to be collected. 
Add another section containing company information: GSTIN, the export license. 